# SEO-UP

 	Our project will be creating a data scraper that can parse websites and the Search Engine Results Page (SERP) for keywords of similar websites or products. It will also help with the SERP ranking of websites by seeing where a customer’s website is currently ranked compared to their competitors and what keywords they could include to help increase their standing in the SERP, which would be Search Engine Optimization (SEO).
  
 	The project will be using Beautiful Soup and Google APIs like PyTrends. With these we’ll be able to verify key words or phrases that are particularly valuable to increasing a given website's SEO. If consistent data is found using these methods, we plan to display this data in an easy to understand manner; preferably tables, charts, or other forms of displaying data.
  
	The UI would be fairly straight forward. The user will type in a website URL they want to improve the SEO of. Maybe they place a dedicated topic like “Restaurant” to indicate this is a website for a restaurant. We then take the website and search for keywords that pertain to that topic. If we find significant keywords missing, we output the necessary keywords to be added. If we come to understand a lot about SEO, then hopefully we could even provide useful insight into how keywords tie to placement, allowing the user to understand how to better place keywords. Secondly, we’d like to show the user how those keywords affect the placement of similar websites. If we can show a user other websites that are placing higher, but involve a similar topic, giving insights into the keywords they use could be valuable.
	
	With these goals, we’re certain we’ll be able to create a product that provides tangible value to current and future customers. The potential to turn this into a simple data analytics business is high as there is a broad audience for a product that helps websites gain more traffic, whether that be for stores, online businesses, or even blogs. It’s not something we’ve considered as a team, but the idea that we could create a product and drive more traffic to our website to increase sales or views is captivating and a great business move.
